in open battle t-90 and leopard 26 never
did not encounter experts
modeled a similar situation
read the results mathematically
possible collision, provided that
against ten German tanks on
open country
10 Russian cars will perform according to
the leopard does not even have time
get close to t 90 at a distance
shot 1,500 kilometers across the desert and over
difficult terrain and abrams was and mean
the leopard was and t-90 so here is the victory
scored on these races 190
Well, as he won opera on patency
in the strongest dust conditions
terrain yes that was able to withstand these runs
high temperatures here and after that
on shooting
encounter fight equal conditions we on
surfaces worth not buried not on
surface at each other go step
so for this period of time while they
come out on the far really intelligible
yes we knock out 60 percent of the technique is not
hitting the t-90 my paradise
Jacques
jackie
Roger